[DOC] Improve the release process (#132)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-R: MAINTAINERS.md

# Maintainers

The information provided here are for the maintainers of the project. Contributors should read the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) instead.

## Merging a Pull Request

A PR can only be merged into master by a maintainer, if all of these conditions are met:

> * It is passing CI.
> * It has been approved by at least two maintainers. If it was a maintainer who opened the PR, only one extra approval is needed.
> * It has no requested changes.
> * It is up to date with current master.

Author: ```suggestion
- It is passing CI Checks.
- It has been approved by at least two maintainers. If it was a maintainer who opened the PR, only one extra approval is needed.
- It has no requested changes.
- It is up to date with current `main` branch.
```
